.TH "FLACA" "1" "July 2026" "flaca v3.9.0" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
FLACA \- Manual page for flaca v3.9.0.
.SH DESCRIPTION
Brute\-force, lossless GIF, JPEG, and PNG compression.
.SS USAGE:
.TP
flaca [FLAGS] [OPTIONS] <PATH(s)…>
.SS FLAGS:
.TP
\fB\-h\fR, \fB\-\-help\fR
Print help information and exit.
.TP
\fB\-\-no\-gif\fR
Skip GIF images.
.TP
\fB\-\-no\-jpeg\fR
Skip JPEG images.
.TP
\fB\-\-no\-png\fR
Skip PNG images.
.TP
\fB\-\-no\-symlinks\fR
Ignore symlinks (rather than following them).
.TP
\fB\-\-preserve\-meta\fR
(Try to) preserve image metadata, at the cost of larger output sizes.
.TP
\fB\-\-preserve\-times\fR
(Try to) preserve the original file access and modification times when resaving an image.
.TP
\fB\-p\fR, \fB\-\-progress\fR
Show pretty progress while minifying.
.TP
\fB\-V\fR, \fB\-\-version\fR
Print version information and exit.
.SS OPTIONS:
.TP
\fB\-j\fR <NUM>
Limit parallelization to this many threads (instead of giving each logical core its own image to work on). If negative, the value will be subtracted from the total number of logical cores.
.TP
\fB\-l\fR, \fB\-\-list\fR <FILE>
Read (absolute) image and/or directory paths from this text file — or STDIN if '\-' — one entry per line, instead of or in addition to any trailing <PATH(S)>.
.TP
\fB\-z\fR, \fB\-\-lz77\fR <NUM>
Limit exhaustive LZW GIF frame encoding to subslices aligned to <NUM> bytes. Lower values yield better (more exhaustive) compression, but require *significantly* longer processing times. (Even worse than zopfli! Haha.) Set to zero to disable this optimization altogether. [default: 1, 2, or row count, based on resolution.]
.TP
\fB\-g\fR, \fB\-\-lzw\fR <NUM>
Limit exhaustive LZW GIF frame encoding to subslices aligned to <NUM> bytes. Lower values tend to yield better compression, but require *significantly* longer processing times. Set to zero to disable this optimization altogether. [default: 1, 2, or row count, based on resolution.]
.TP
\fB\-\-max\-resolution\fR <NUM>
Skip images containing more than <NUM> total pixels to avoid potential OOM errors during decompression. [default: ~4.29 billion]
.SS TRAILING:
.TP
\fB<PATH(s)…>\fR
One or more image and/or directory paths to losslessly re\-compress.
.SH EARLY EXIT
Press CTRL+C once to quit as soon as the already\-in\-progress operations have
.RE
finished (ignoring any pending images still in the queue).
.RE

.RE
Press CTRL+C a second time if you need to exit IMMEDIATELY, but note that doing
.RE
so may leave artifacts (temporary files) behind, and in rare cases, lead to
.RE
image corruption.
.SS OPTIMIZERS:
.TP
\fBMozJPEG\fR
<https://github.com/mozilla/mozjpeg>
.TP
\fBOxipng\fR
<https://github.com/shssoichiro/oxipng>
.TP
\fBZopflipng\fR
<https://github.com/google/zopfli>
